Adding docs for the Numerics library. (#417)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/libraries/numerics/numerics.md

For more information and detailed documentation for each of these operations, see the Q# library reference docs at [docs.microsoft.com](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/quantum)

## Sample: Integer addition

As a basic example, consider the operation
$$
\ket x\ket y\mapsto \ket x\ket{x+y}
$$
that is, an operation that takes an n-qubit integer $x$ and an n- or (n+1)-qubit
register $y$ as input, the latter of which it maps to the sum $(x+y)$. Note that the
sum is computed modulo $2^n$ if $y$ is stored in an $n$-bit register.

Using the QDK, this operation can be applied as follows
```qsharp
operation MyAdditionTest (xInt : Int, yInt : Int, n : Int) : Unit
{
    using ((xQubits, yQubits) = (Qubit[n], Qubit[n]))
    {
        x = LittleEndian(xQubits); // define bit order
        y = LittleEndian(yQubits);
        
        ApplyXorInPlace(xInt, x); // initialize values
        ApplyXorInPlace(yInt, y);
        
        AddI(x, y); // perform addition x+y into y
        
        // ... (use the result)
    }
}
```

## Sample: Evaluating smooth functions

To evaluate smooth functions such as $\sin(x)$ on a quantum computer, where $x$ is a quantum `FixedPoint` number,

> the QDK Numerics Library provides the operations `EvaluatePolynomialFxP` and `Evaluate[Even/Odd]PolynomialFxP`.

Reviewer: These as well would be good candidates for linking to API references.
```suggestion
the Quantum Development Kit numerics library provides the operations `EvaluatePolynomialFxP` and `Evaluate[Even/Odd]PolynomialFxP`.
```

the input `x : FixedPoint` and the output `y : FixedPoint` (initially zero):
```qsharp
EvaluatePolynomialFxP([1.0, 2.0], xFxP, yFxP);
```
The result, $P(x)=1+2x$, will be stored in `yFxP`.

The second, `EvaluateEvenPolynomialFxP`, and the third, `EvaluateOddPolynomialFxP`, are specializations
for the cases of even and odd functions, respectively. That is, for an even/odd function $f(x)$ and
$$
P_{even}(x)=a_0 + a_1 x^2 + a_2 x^4 + \cdots + a_d x^{2d},
$$
$f(x)$ is approximated well by $P_{even}(x)$ or $P_{odd}(x) := x\cdot P_{even}(x)$, respectively.
In Q#, these two cases can be handled as follows:
```qsharp
EvaluateEvenPolynomialFxP([1.0, 2.0], xFxP, yFxP);
```
which evaluates $P_{even}(x) = 1 + 2x^2$, and
```qsharp
EvaluateOddPolynomialFxP([1.0, 2.0], xFxP, yFxP);
```
which evaluates $P_{odd}(x) = x + 2x^3$.

## More samples

You can find more samples in the [main samples repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/Quantum).

To get started, clone the repo and open the `Numerics` subfolder:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/Quantum.git
cd Quantum/Numerics
```

Then, `cd` into one of the sample folders and run the sample via

```bash

> cd [SampleFolder]

Reviewer: Readers still learning how to navigate the command line may think that this is literal syntax; could we perhaps do something like give a concrete example, and say "for example" at L143?
